We all live on this beautiful planet as one big human family. This planet has all the land and resources to provide all of us with an abundant way of life. A life full of love and harmony for all of its inhabitants..
The current economic system of the world is parasitic, outdated and flawed. It is designed as a way of control by keeping our means of exchange in scarcity thus creating limitations in our existence.
We are now living in an amazing time full of opportunity because of the tools and technologies available to us thanks to the internet and blockchain technology. With blockchain technology it is now possible to share everything we have all over the world. Thus freeing us from the current parasitic system.
In 2015 Ethereum was created as a decentralized open source blockchain with the Ethereum virtual machine (EVM) which executes scripts using an international network of public nodes. Ethereum uses  SMART CONTRACT functionality to allow anyone and everyone all over the world to unite together and create anything and everything they Dream!
Ethereum is currently by far the best Cryptocurrency project in the world! Being much faster, cheaper, safer and more decentralized than its outdated and also flawed predecessor Bitcoin. Ethereum has no owner and cannot be stopped because it is deployed all over the world.
Introducing DAR TOKEN through Ethereums Smart Contract where we unite together all over the world to create our collective bank! In this “bank” or “pool” we combine all of our resources while retaining our share through a personal Ethereum wallet
The DAR Token also has no owner and cannot be changed or stopped. In our collective pool there is a difference between the buy and sell price of the token. Every time someone somewhere all over the world buys, sells or transfers the DAR Token, dividends are automatically paid out to all of the owners of the token. Thus creating passive income! Those dividends are then reinvested by choice to create the never ending cycle of passive income over and over again.
THE DAR TOKEN through Ethereums Smart Contract is 100% transparent where everyone can see all of the characteristics, transactions and etc... the DAR Token cannot be manipulated with through traditional speculative ways because of the difference in the buy and sell price. The DAR Token.
